Tell me about your framework?

        My current framework is BDD - Page object model framework.

        Accourding to different page in my website I am creating page classes in the framework.

        I am using feature files which is coming from cucumber(With a cucumber feature files we are able to make framework
                as BDD ). With Gherking language my test cases are more understandable for every one in the team.(As well as new
                members to team).

        According to different steps in feature file I am creating steps in step definition package.

        With reusable elements in the page object model and reusable methods from BDD my code will be more maintainable(changeable).

        I am using maven for maintain the dependency(project).

        For reporting I am using extends report and it has all the amount how many features passed how many scenarios passed or
            failed.

        Extra: In my after class I am taking a screen shot and I can use it for reporting as well.

        This is basically my framework.


        If they ask how to run multiple browser?
            I have a testng.xml file and it is running the RunnerClasses with multiple browsers.



        Create multiple framework using similar to this methodology.

        -------------------


Framework’unuzdan bahsedermisiniz?
Benim framework’um BDD.Page object model  framework. Web sitemdeki farklı sayfalara göre framework içinde page sınıfları oluşturuyorum.
Ben Cucumber’dan gelen feature dosyalarını kullanıyorum(Cucumber feature dosyaları ile çerçeveyi BDD olarak yapabiliyoruz).
Gherking dili ile test senaryolarım ekipteki herkes için daha anlaşılır oluyor. ( Hemde takimin yeni üyeleri icin).
Feature dosyasındaki farklı adımlara göre Step definition  paketinde adımlar oluşturuyorum. ,
BDD'den  gelen Page object model  icindeki yeniden kullanılabilir elementler ve metodlar,yazdigim
kodun daha sürdürülebilir (değiştirilebilir) olmasini sagliyor.
Projeye bağımlılığı korumak için maven kullanıyorum.
Raporlama için, genişletme(extend) raporunu kullanıyorum ve  Raporumda kaç tane feature geçtiğini,
kaç senaryonun geçtiğini veya başarısız olduğunu belirtiliyor.
EkstraAfterClass’imda bir ekran görüntüsü alıyorum ve bunu raporlama için de kullanabiliyorum. B
u kisaca benim framework’um.
Birden çok tarayıcıyı nasıl çalıştıracaklarını sorarlarsa?
 Bir testng.xml dosyam var ve RunnerClasses'ı birden çok tarayıcıyla çalıştırıyor.
Bu metodolojiye benzer şekilde birden çok framework oluşturun.
